What are the categories of products?
The product categories are Handcrafted Coffee, Frappe, Signature Coffee Club, Non Coffee, Pie and Pastry, Desert Sweet Tooth, and Promotion.
What are the products?
The products are categorised in Handcrafted Coffee, Frappe, Signature Coffee Club, Non Coffee, Pie and Pastry, Desert Sweet Tooth, and Promotion.
I am ready to order.
The product categories are Handcrafted Coffee, Frappe, Signature Coffee Club, Non Coffee, Pie and Pastry, Desert Sweet Tooth, and Promotion.
I want to order.
The product categories are Handcrafted Coffee, Frappe, Signature Coffee Club, Non Coffee, Pie and Pastry, Desert Sweet Tooth, and Promotion.
What is in Handcrafted Coffee?
The products in Handcrafted Coffee are Ice Shakerato, Americano, Cafe Latte, Machiato, Dolce Latte, Coffee Mocha, Espresso, and Vietnamese Coffee.
What is in Frappe?
The products in Frappe are Caramel Creme, Choc Chip Creme and Mocha Creme.
What is in Signature Coffee Club?
The products in Signature Coffee Club are Blue Pea Latte, Biscoff Creme and Houjicha Frappe.
What is in Non Coffee?
The products in Non Coffee are Milk Creme, Icey Lemonade, Jasmine Green Tea, Peach Tea, Blue Lagoon and Chocolate.
What is in Pie and Pastry?
The products in Pie and Pastry are Signiture Steak Beef Pie, Chicken Mushroom Quiches, Smoked Chicken Pie, Smoke Beef Pie and Burnt Cheese Cake.
What is in Desert Sweet Tooth?
The products in Desert Sweet Tooth are Peanut Butter Jam Cupcake, Red Velvet Cupcake, Gula Apong Cupcake and Doughnut Jumbo.
What is in Promotion?
The products in Promotion is only Mini Cake Set.
What is Ice Shakerato?
It is an Arabica dark roast 100% costing RM5.90
What is Americano?
It is Espresso and water costing RM 6.90
What is Cafe Latte?
It is espresso, milk and foam costing RM7.90
What is Machiato?
It is a beverage costing RM8.90
What is Dolce Latte?
It is a beverage costing RM8.90
What is Coffee Mocha?
It is a coffee with chocolate taste costing RM9.90
What is Espresso?
It is a beverage costing RM4.90
What is Vietnamese Coffee?
It is a beverage costing RM8.90
What is Caramel Creme?
It is caramel blended with milk costing RM11.90
What is Choc Chip Creme?
It is chocolate chip blended with milk costing RM11.90
What is Mocha Creme?
It is chocolate espresso blended with milk costing RM12.90
What is Blue Pea Latte?
It is a beverage costing RM9.90
What is Biscoff Creme?
It is a beverage costing RM12.90
What is Houjicha Frappe?
It is roasted green tea frappe with whipped cream costing RM12.90
What is Milk Creme?
It is a beverage costing RM5.90
What is Icey Lemonade?
It is a beverage costing RM6.90
What is Jasmine Green Tea?
It is a beverage costing RM6.90
What is Peach Tea?
It is a beverage costing RM6.90
What is Blue Lagoon?
It is a beverage costing RM7.90
What is Chocolate?
It is a beverage costing RM9.90
What is Signiture Steak Beef Pie?
It is a pie consisting of beef chunky meat, onion, herbs, pepper and salt costing RM7.50
What is Chicken Mushroom Quiches?
It is a pastry consisting of chicken meat, mushroom cheese, onion, fresh cream, egg and milk costing RM6.50
What is Smoked Chicken Pie?
It is a pie costing RM6.50
What is Smoke Beef Pie?
It is a pie costing RM6.90
What is Burnt Cheese Cake?
It is a pastry costing RM5.90
What is Peanut Butter Jam Cupcake?
It is a desert consisting of Peanut butter, Butter and caramel costing RM4.50
What is Red Velvet Cupcake?
It is a desert with mild chocolate flavour and a deep red to burgundy colour costing RM4.50
What is Gula Apong Cupcake?
It is a desert consisting of gula apong and pandan flavouring costing RM4.50
What is Doughnut Jumbo?
It is a desert costing RM3.50
What is Mini Cake Set?
It is a mini cake set from tecouldron costing RM7.50